This video will demonstrate how to use ExampleNet.
ExampleNet is an interactive interface for navigating
and exploring many Deep Learning projects from GitHub
It is designed to help you
(1) see a holistic view of the many different architectures that have already uploaded to Github
(2) find good neural network examples and
(3) make data-driven design decisions when building your own neural network.
On the left side of our interface, you can find the faceted browser
These facets capture the types of deep learning projects in our GitHub dataset from several different perspectives
For example, there’s a facet that shows the types of datasets these models process, the types of deep learning tasks they perform, and the types of neural networks they implement.
The numbers on the right, as well as the length of the blue bar, indicate how many models of that type that have been pulled from Github into our tool.
For example, if I want to build a speech recognition model, I can click the checkbox next to “speech recognition” in the Task facet.
The interface will update the frequency bars based on the remaining models.
Now the frequency bars have two colors.
The light blue bars show the number of models in the original dataset, and the dark blue bars show the number of models after filtering.
As you can see, after we filter for speech recognition models in the Task facet, the most popular type of neural networks now becomes the CTC.
There are also some other filters for project stars, forks, and the number of layers.
You can drag the handles on both sides of the brush to filter models.
Now, let us focus on the histogram.
This histogram shows the distribution of different types of layers in the collection of neural network models.
Each layer type is assigned a unique color.
Now I will introduce the major widget in our interface, the Sankey diagram.
The sankey diagram provides a birds’ eye view of different neural network structures in the GitHub projects.
Each branch or flow in this diagram represents the network structure of a single model.
Each node is a layer in a neural network.
Like this Convolution is a node
this convolutional layer indicates that all 13 models use the convolutional layer as their first layer.
Sometimes, as you can see, some models could be very deep.
Therefore, you can drag the model to the right to see the deep layers.
You can also use the scroll wheel in your mouse to zoom in or out.
When you click the alignment view, the Sankey diagram will be updated to align the neural network by layer types.
For example, these convolutional and relu nodes.
As you can see, they have been aligned to the same position.
his alignment may help you find some interesting patterns in the model structures.
For example, here, you can find that there are 4 models using the “flatten, dense, relu, dense” pattern.
In the hyperparameter charts, you can place your mouse on each circle to see detailed information.
A larger circle means that more models use this value.
And this circle means that 4 projects use the “batch_size=5”.
Besides, when you click the circle, the corresponding model structures will be highlighted.
When you want to focus on the parameters of a specific layer, you can click the node on the Sankey diagram.
Okay, let's move on to the last part of the interface, the Project Info panel.
This panel shows the list of the GitHub projects in our dataset.
The large rectangles represent project information, and the small rectangles represent models in this project.
When you click the “project” rectangle, the model it contains will be highlighted on the Sankey diagram.
You can also click the “Sort by” button to sort these items with stars and forks.
Once you have determined the project you want to reuse, you can click the project name.
It will jump directly to the GitHub repo.